README.md, before:

# Braintree iOS SDK

[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![Travis CI build status](https://travis-ci.org/braintree/braintree_ios.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/braintree/braintree_ios)

Welcome to Braintree's iOS SDK. This library will help you accept card and alternative payments in your iOS app.

**The Braintree iOS SDK requires Xcode 7+ and a Base SDK of iOS 9+**. It permits a Deployment Target of iOS 7.0 or higher.

## Getting Started

The current major version is 4.x. If you are upgrading from version 3.x, take a look at our [Braintree iOS 3.x to 4.x Migration Guide](Docs/Braintree-4.0-Migration-Guide.md).

We recommend using either [CocoaPods](https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods) or [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) to integrate the Braintree SDK with your project.

### CocoaPods

Add to your `Podfile`:
```
pod 'Braintree'
```
Then run `pod install`. This includes everything you need to accept card and PayPal payments. It also includes our Drop-in UI and payment button.

Customize your integration by specifying additional components. For example, add Apple Pay support:
```
pod 'Braintree'
pod 'Braintree/Apple-Pay'
```

You can also strip down your integration to only support credit and debit cards:
```
pod 'Braintree/Card'
```

See our [`Podspec`](Braintree.podspec) for more information.

Although we recommend upgrading to the latest version of our SDK, you can choose to remain on the 3.x version, e.g.
```
pod 'Braintree', '~> 3.9'
```

### Carthage

Add `github "braintree/braintree_ios"` to your `Cartfile`, and [add the frameworks to your project](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#adding-frameworks-to-an-application).

### Static Library

Please follow the [static library integration instructions](Docs/Braintree-Static-Integration-Guide.md).

### Manual Integration

For v3 integrations, please follow the [v3 manual integration instructions](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/3.x/Docs/Manual%20Integration.md).

Note that for apps targeting iOS 8+, you may add `Braintree.xcodeproj` to your Xcode workspace and add the frameworks to the app target **Embedded Binaries** section.

## Supporting iOS 9

Support for iOS 9 requires a few configuration changes with your Xcode project, detailed below.

### App Transport Security

iOS 9 introduces new security requirements and restrictions. If your app is compiled with iOS 9 SDK, it must comply with Apple's [App Transport Security](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/technotes/App-Transport-Security-Technote/) policy.

The Braintree Gateway domain complies with this policy.

3D Secure uses third party domains, which may need to be whitelisted for ATS, as part of the authentication process.

### URL Query Scheme Whitelist

If your app is compiled with iOS 9 SDK and integrates payment options with an app-switch workflow, you must add URL schemes to the whitelist in your application's plist.

If your app supports payments from PayPal:
* `com.paypal.ppclient.touch.v1`
* `com.paypal.ppclient.touch.v2`

If your app supports payments from Venmo:
* `com.venmo.touch.v2`

For example, if your app supports PayPal, you could add the following:
```
  <key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
  <array>
    <string>com.paypal.ppclient.touch.v1</string>
    <string>com.paypal.ppclient.touch.v2</string>
  </array>
```

There is a new `UIApplicationDelegate` method that you may implement on iOS 9:
```
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)app openURL:(NSURL *)url options:(NSDictionary<NSString*, id> *)options
```
Implementing this method is optional. If you do not implement it, the deprecated equivalent will still be called; otherwise, it will not.

In either case, you still need to implement the deprecated equivalent in order to support iOS 8 or earlier:
```
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application openURL:(NSURL *)url sourceApplication:(NSString *)sourceApplication annotation:(id)annotation
```

#### Bitcode

The Braintree SDK works with apps that have [bitcode](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/AppThinning/AppThinning.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40012582-CH35-SW3) enabled.

## Documentation

Start with [**'Hello, Client!'**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/start/hello-client) for instructions on basic setup and usage.

Next, read the [**full documentation**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/sdk/client) for information about integration options, such as Drop-In UI, PayPal, and credit card tokenization.

Finally, [**cocoadocs.org/docsets/Braintree**](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/Braintree) hosts the complete, up-to-date API documentation generated straight from the header files.

## Demo

A demo app is included in project. To run it, run `pod install` and then open `Braintree.xcworkspace` in Xcode.

## Help

* Read the headers
* [Read the docs](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/sdk/client)
* Find a bug? [Open an issue](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/issues)
* Want to contribute? [Check out contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request).

## Feedback

The Braintree iOS SDK is in active development, we welcome your feedback!

Here are a few ways to get in touch:

* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/issues) - For generally applicable issues and feedback
* [Braintree Support](https://articles.braintreepayments.com/) / support@braintreepayments.com - for personal support at any phase of integration

## Releases

Subscribe to our [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/braintree-sdk-announce) to
be notified when SDK releases go out.

### License

The Braintree iOS SDK is open source and available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

Add Visa Checkout
- Visa Checkout is currently in a limited release, and the API is subject to change.

README.md, after:

# Braintree iOS SDK

[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![Travis CI build status](https://travis-ci.org/braintree/braintree_ios.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/braintree/braintree_ios)

Welcome to Braintree's iOS SDK. This library will help you accept card and alternative payments in your iOS app.

**The Braintree iOS SDK requires Xcode 7+ and a Base SDK of iOS 9+**. It permits a Deployment Target of iOS 7.0 or higher.

## Getting Started

The current major version is 4.x. If you are upgrading from version 3.x, take a look at our [Braintree iOS 3.x to 4.x Migration Guide](Docs/Braintree-4.0-Migration-Guide.md).

We recommend using either [CocoaPods](https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods) or [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage) to integrate the Braintree SDK with your project.

### CocoaPods

Add to your `Podfile`:
```
pod 'Braintree'
```
Then run `pod install`. This includes everything you need to accept card and PayPal payments. It also includes our Drop-in UI and payment button.

Customize your integration by specifying additional components. For example, add Apple Pay support:
```
pod 'Braintree'
pod 'Braintree/Apple-Pay'
```

You can also strip down your integration to only support credit and debit cards:
```
pod 'Braintree/Card'
```

See our [`Podspec`](Braintree.podspec) for more information.

Although we recommend upgrading to the latest version of our SDK, you can choose to remain on the 3.x version, e.g.
```
pod 'Braintree', '~> 3.9'
```

### Carthage

Add `github "braintree/braintree_ios"` to your `Cartfile`, and [add the frameworks to your project](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#adding-frameworks-to-an-application).

### Static Library

Please follow the [static library integration instructions](Docs/Braintree-Static-Integration-Guide.md).

### Manual Integration

For v3 integrations, please follow the [v3 manual integration instructions](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/3.x/Docs/Manual%20Integration.md).

Note that for apps targeting iOS 8+, you may add `Braintree.xcodeproj` to your Xcode workspace and add the frameworks to the app target **Embedded Binaries** section.

## Supporting iOS 9

Support for iOS 9 requires a few configuration changes with your Xcode project, detailed below.

### App Transport Security

iOS 9 introduces new security requirements and restrictions. If your app is compiled with iOS 9 SDK, it must comply with Apple's [App Transport Security](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/technotes/App-Transport-Security-Technote/) policy.

The Braintree Gateway domain complies with this policy.

3D Secure uses third party domains, which may need to be whitelisted for ATS, as part of the authentication process.

### URL Query Scheme Whitelist

If your app is compiled with iOS 9 SDK and integrates payment options with an app-switch workflow, you must add URL schemes to the whitelist in your application's plist.

If your app supports payments from PayPal:
* `com.paypal.ppclient.touch.v1`
* `com.paypal.ppclient.touch.v2`

If your app supports payments from Venmo:
* `com.venmo.touch.v2`

For example, if your app supports PayPal, you could add the following:
```
  <key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
  <array>
    <string>com.paypal.ppclient.touch.v1</string>
    <string>com.paypal.ppclient.touch.v2</string>
  </array>
```

There is a new `UIApplicationDelegate` method that you may implement on iOS 9:
```
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)app openURL:(NSURL *)url options:(NSDictionary<NSString*, id> *)options
```
Implementing this method is optional. If you do not implement it, the deprecated equivalent will still be called; otherwise, it will not.

In either case, you still need to implement the deprecated equivalent in order to support iOS 8 or earlier:
```
- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application openURL:(NSURL *)url sourceApplication:(NSString *)sourceApplication annotation:(id)annotation
```

#### Bitcode

The Braintree SDK works with apps that have [bitcode](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/AppThinning/AppThinning.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40012582-CH35-SW3) enabled.

## Documentation

Start with [**'Hello, Client!'**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/start/hello-client) for instructions on basic setup and usage.

Next, read the [**full documentation**](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/sdk/client) for information about integration options, such as Drop-In UI, PayPal, and credit card tokenization.

Finally, [**cocoadocs.org/docsets/Braintree**](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/Braintree) hosts the complete, up-to-date API documentation generated straight from the header files.

## Demo

A demo app is included in project. To run it, run `pod install` and then open `Braintree.xcworkspace` in Xcode.

## Visa Checkout

The VisaCheckoutFramework and VisaCheckoutLibrary are not included when cloning this SDK.

Add VisaCheckoutFramework.framework and VisaCheckoutLibrary.bundle from the Visa Checkout SDK to this directory.

Add the GA and CardIO folders from the Visa Checkout SDK Sample Project to this directory.

## Help

* Read the headers
* [Read the docs](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/ios/sdk/client)
* Find a bug? [Open an issue](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/issues)
* Want to contribute? [Check out contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) and [submit a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request).

## Feedback

The Braintree iOS SDK is in active development, we welcome your feedback!

Here are a few ways to get in touch:

* [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/issues) - For generally applicable issues and feedback
* [Braintree Support](https://articles.braintreepayments.com/) / support@braintreepayments.com - for personal support at any phase of integration

## Releases

Subscribe to our [Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/braintree-sdk-announce) to
be notified when SDK releases go out.

### License

The Braintree iOS SDK is open source and available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more info.
